If you have the skills, you bought a piece of clothing here today and eat it.
Changsong, don't embarrass him,
When he came to Changduan County,
These tens of thousands of dollars worth of clothes and shoes he bought like this.
knew. bought shoes,
Are you still talking about relapse?
Me, what am I?
It's hard to see him open. You cultivate as such,
I'm afraid you don't know that I am no longer Qian Xiaojun.
Today I will show you how big a dog is, not a human being.
Sir, how to live?
Bring me your most expensive clothes.
These pairs are waiting for more than 300,000 yuan a piece
As long as Geshen is among the top five
It's enough that he's still in bed
Just bring it to him
Let me see what he bought for 4,300
In fact, this is the section
World level version of the current four seasons
Three hundred and eighty thousand a day is good
I'll try it and see if I can?
But you can try it out and buy it. Go and try it.
Of course you looked and saw that I was there.
He may go back to his old ways several times
Oh my God